[Music]
what do you get for the man who has
everything happy birthday sir thank you
Maggie I don't like her so it brings you
to town Conrad everything all right
October 12 make his birthday this is for
you and Sumer recreation services call
that number why they make your life fun
what are you selling
it's a game game specifically tailored
for each participant national John
chapter 9 verse 25 whereas once I was
blind now I can see now I can see
one day your game begins you either love
it or hate it
are you gonna spend the rest of the
evening crying about clowns mouth mouth
mr. van Orton is everything all right
Oh mr. van Horten we met I believe so
why are you following me
find out about a company called consumer
recreation services they won't stop
[Music]
trying to kill me
[Applause]
[Music]
you're buying the whole thing aren't you
they make your life fun
[Music]